well Israeli military casualties are
also
mounting the Army says one soldier has
been killed in battles in Gaza
Palestinian factions say they attacking
Israeli tanks and military vehicles with
rockets and improvised explosive devices
at least 195 soldiers have been killed
since Israel launched its ground
offensive in late
October let's get more with Laura Khan
who's an occupied East Jerusalem uh
clearly the uh prime minister under huge
pressure his relationship with other
members of the war cabinet not going so
well tell us a little more about
this well uh one of the big reports over
the last few weeks has been his
relationship with his own defense
minister YF Galant uh many say that
after the war cabinet meetings which I
have to say our top secret no one's
supposed to know what's going on with
them uh inside them alongside the
security cabinet meeting but there are
continuous leaks to the Press afterwards
and that their relationship has become
Petty and embarrassing to some of the
ministers during the time of a war and
I'll just read out some of these
headlines um from Israel's Channel 12
the headline this is how the battle
between Netanyahu and Gallant looks for
weeks the Prime Minister and defense
minister tried to hide the tension
between them and now it's futile there
reports that a week ago yov Galan walked
out of a a walk cabinet meeting after he
wasn't allowed to bring his assistant
and he claims that this was because
Netanyahu didn't want him to actually
spend time with mad and shinette that's
the head of intelligence and security um
so he believes that he's he's
essentially not getting a look in to
some of the decisions being made that
he's big part of now he was hired by
Netanyahu because he trusted him as a
good soldier as someone who has plenty
of experience uh inside well in in wars
and also inside the military but it's
not just there where we're having leaks
also with the New York Times
International media uh there were leaks
from four Top members of the military
that they believe Netanyahu is
two-pronged approach to the war that is
trying to rid of Hamas but also
releasing the captives uh were
incompatible that you can't continue to
bombard the gods of strip and fight a
gorilla Warfare inside this waren of
tunnels and on the ground and expect the
safe release of the captives we've also
had pressure from across the country
from the captives families who've been
saying this again reiterating this point
this is incompatible um while he has a
two-pronged approach they have one they
just want to see the release of the
captives and we're seeing this these
growing protests across the country all
with the same rhetoric release them now
and hold a ceas fire and many are also
calling for another election and for Ben
Benjamin n Yahoo to step down so a huge
amount of tension and pressure coming
from all sides Laura uh as you said
there many Leakes out in the newspapers
International and domestic there have
been uh you you touched on the captives
but there have been reports that there
could be more negotiations uh going on
at the moment to release those captives
can you tell us a bit more about what is
being
reported yes uh wet is reporting again
leaks on condition of anonymity uh that
uh senior members uh of the political uh
Wing not not coming from the military
are saying that they can strike a deal
with Hamas and other groups in order to
release the captives and they say that
Hamas is also um interested in this idea
so they are they say they are moving
forward they're engaging with other
countries um including Qatar um Egypt
and and also the United States been part
of these mediation efforts so again
another leak we haven't fully confirmed
this yet um but once again this is
against what Netanyahu has been saying
from the beginning that the only way of
defeating Hamas inside the Gaza Strip is
through military pressure thank you for
that Laura KH there for us in occupied
East
Jerusalem